deps(upgrade): bump targetSdk, gradle plugin and wrapper, dependencies (#68)
uploadcare/uploadcare-android: CHANGELOG.md

# History

> ## 3.2.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Unreleased
```

?

Author: It's up to you, I know nothing about your agreements in versioning and all

- Widget:

>     - The methods `UploadcareWidget.selectFile()` and `Fragment.startActivityForResult` have been deprecated.

Reviewer: Is it BREAKING or breaking? :-)

Author: It's not breaking, because they were deprecated, not removed or replaced, clients can keep using them if they don't want to migrate to the new mechanism

>       We provide a new way via `Fragment.registerForActivityResult` and `Activity.registerForActivityResult`
>       with `UploadcareActivityResultContract`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      We provide a new way of launching selection of the file to upload via `Fragment.registerForActivityResult`
      and `Activity.registerForActivityResult` with `UploadcareActivityResultContract`
```

?

# History

## 3.2.0
- Widget:

>     - `UploadcareWidget.selectFile()` was deprecated since `Fragment.startActivityForResult` was deprecated.

Reviewer: Maybe like this?

```suggestion
    - `UploadcareWidget.selectFile()` and `Fragment.startActivityForResult` were deprecated.
```

Reviewer 2: The methods `UploadcareWidget.selectFile()` and `Fragment.startActivityForResult` have been deprecated.

Reviewer: @onthecrow WDYT?

Author: @rsedykh Sounds fine for me

>       We provide a new way via `Fragment.registerForActivityResult` and `Activity.registerForActivityResult`

Reviewer 2: A new way of what? :)

Author: A new way of launching selection of the file to upload

Reviewer: Maybe add these words to the changelog?

      with `UploadcareActivityResultContract`

>     - Update information about using widget via `registerForActivityResult` with `UploadcareActivityResultContract`
>       in documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Documentation about using widget via `registerForActivityResult` with `UploadcareActivityResultContract` is updated accordingly
```

Reviewer: WDYT?

Author: OK for me

> - Example, Widget, Library:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dependencies:
```

Reviewer: WDYT?

    - Replace deprecated dependencies and methods usage under the hood

>     - Update target sdk version to 33

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - Update the target SDK version to 33
```

Reviewer: @onthecrow WDYT?

# History

> ## 3.2.0

Reviewer: I also don't see updates here that are mentioned in PR's description.

- Example:
    - Update dependencies

>     - Replace deprecated dependencies

Reviewer: Let's move it to the bottom.

>     - Update dependencies
>     - Replace deprecated dependencies

Reviewer: Maybe

```suggestion
    - Update and replace deprecated dependencies
```

?

(here and in widget/lib)

- Widget:
    - Update dependencies

>     - Update documentation

Reviewer: Can you elaborate?

    - Replace deprecated dependencies

>     - Deprecate `UploadcareWidget.selectFile()`

Reviewer: How breaking is this change? What should it be substituted for?
